README.md, before:

# humidor-control
Watch humidity, temperature and other events from your humidor on a web interface, all measured by an Arduino.

## Arduino part
Coming soon.

## Web server part (Go)

First, start with generating your "api key":

    go run createApiKey.go

Then launch the server:

    go run websvr.go

And open your browser at http://localhost:1664


### How to get test data without an Arduino

The repository contains a database with some dummy data in file `data.db-test_database`. Just rename it to `data.db`

    mv data.db-test_database data.db

You can also use script `sendTestData.go` to fill your database with custom data (see comments in source code for optional parameters):

    go run sendTestData.go

Alternately, send HTTP GET requests by yourself to `http://localhost:1664/add` (assuming standard host and port) with following mandatory parameters:
- apiKey: The "api key" created by createApiKey.go and stored in apikey.txt
- d: Unix Timestamp
- t: Temperature (float)
- h: humidity (float)
- e: event (can be "do" or "dc")

Params d, t, h and e can be repeated n times to save n measurements in the db

Params t, h and e can be empty but should exist, particularly when the query holds several measurements.

Example:

    http://localhost:1664/add?apiKey=fbc6caf152b8016f125364942c09775b4b12d995&d=1430656115&t=19.5&h=65&e=

## Limitations

Only the "api key" currently prevents anybody to send whatever data they want to your server, but as everything is in cleartext in the query string, sniffing the requests between Arduino and the server is enough

Commit message:

Instructions to install go-sqlite3

README.md, after:

# humidor-control
Watch humidity, temperature and other events from your humidor on a web interface, all measured by an Arduino.

## Arduino part
Coming soon.

## Web server part (Go)

go-sqlite3 library must be installed:

    go install github.com/mattn/go-sqlite3
Other way to get it, there is for example a debian package:

    apt-get install golang-github-mattn-go-sqlite3-dev

First, start with generating your "api key":

    go run createApiKey.go

Then launch the server:

    go run websvr.go

And open your browser at http://localhost:1664


### How to get test data without an Arduino

The repository contains a database with some dummy data in file `data.db-test_database`. Just rename it to `data.db`

    mv data.db-test_database data.db

You can also use script `sendTestData.go` to fill your database with custom data (see comments in source code for optional parameters):

    go run sendTestData.go

Alternately, send HTTP GET requests by yourself to `http://localhost:1664/add` (assuming standard host and port) with following mandatory parameters:
- apiKey: The "api key" created by createApiKey.go and stored in apikey.txt
- d: Unix Timestamp
- t: Temperature (float)
- h: humidity (float)
- e: event (can be "do" or "dc")

Params d, t, h and e can be repeated n times to save n measurements in the db

Params t, h and e can be empty but should exist, particularly when the query holds several measurements.

Example:

    http://localhost:1664/add?apiKey=fbc6caf152b8016f125364942c09775b4b12d995&d=1430656115&t=19.5&h=65&e=

## Limitations

Only the "api key" currently prevents anybody to send whatever data they want to your server, but as everything is in cleartext in the query string, sniffing the requests between Arduino and the server is enough
